appearance
Hey, let me treat my uncle
Dark Sunday
Blood to color
There are still seedlings about to drop their heads
Ancient disciple in hand
Liufu Shengteng Qi Xueping Ping
There are three souls in the universe
Yin Yang Wuji will break
Uncle will recover in half an hour
Lu Ming, why are you still here?
I said I would treat my uncle
Boy, you really lie and don't make drafts?
Why don't you say that you are here and uncle is cured?
No need for a genius doctor
It's really good
Just another 10 minutes.
Get out of here neuropathy
I don't have the time to play tricks with you, Lu Ming
If you grandstand again, get out
Aichutang
This kid is grandstanding
Just to maintain my poor self-esteem
Let's just listen.
Let's treat uncle first
Well, please Doctor Fang
Strange, why is my bone gone?
How can I ask for a consultation fee for him?
Can Doctor Fang treat my father's illness?